drive it
run so much
destiny still arrived the hell are you
guys
[Music]
the entire time I knew him he only ever
had one call
to wipe out half the universe if he gets
all the Infinity stones she can do it
with the snap of his fingers just like
that tell me his name again Santos
[Music]
half of humanity will still exist in
time you will know what it's like to
lose
feel so desperately that your right yet
to fail all the same
read it
run from it destiny still arrived
we got one advantage
she's coming to us
I'm Peter by the way dr. strange Oh
using your made-up names then I am
spider-man let's talk about this plan
tears I think it's good except it sucks
so let me do the plan and that way it
might be really good Wow
fun isn't something one considers from
balancing the universe
but this does put a smile on my face
[Music]
perfectly balanced
I hope that remember you
we have a dance once so that's what we
use
to rate the city
indicates our defenses
and get this man a sheet
[Music]
the end is near
as all things should be
[Music]
let's go
best
[Music]